- Security is often a moving target.
When you are starting down this path of secure coding,
and ultimately, a culture of security,
it's easy to get lost.
I'm going to suggest you focus
on the most current best practices.
Consider development tasks like source control,
unit testing, static and dynamic code analysis,
and peer-reviewed best practices
to help secure your code.
Don't be afraid to attack them one at a time
and get processes in place that work for you.
You don't, however, have to re-create the wheel.
There are several great resources on the web for free
that will help you build a platform of secure development.
Requirements and design are no different.
A lot of time and effort has been put
into developing secure practices around these tasks.
Again, many of them are published for free.
Consider risk management as one of the bigger areas here,
and focus on how the industry is managing risks
and documenting them.
While not everything will work for you,
you may find enough to get you started,
and ultimately, save you some valuable time.
One area I would highly suggest
you follow industry standards around
is vulnerability management.
Many people have put in a lot of time
to developing standards and strategies
for companies and teams to manage their vulnerabilities.
Things like scoring, ranking,
and prioritizing vulnerabilities have been solved,
as well as ways to accept those risks.
Tracking and reporting on vulnerabilities
has also been vetted pretty well in the industry.
As always, you will make parts of it your own,
but definitely use what you can.
Finally, when it comes to testing and deployment,
there is a lot documented,
but you will have to work through
a significant amount of it on your own.
Start with the basics and reach out to the community.
A lot of work around penetration testing
and automated deployments has been solved,
but things like attack trees are not as common.
You may prioritize your individual workloads
based on what is done and what isn't.
Ultimately, I want to encourage you to start somewhere.
Try out what your peers are doing and go from there.